Today in Crimea opened the 10th annual
Yalta European Conference
strategy meeting takes place in livadia
palace and this is an open area for
discuss new ideas and perspectives on the way
the development of Europe, Ukraine and the whole world
here came more than 200 politicians from 20
countries
Arrived President of Israel Simon Peres
ex-president us clinton spouse
Hillary and the former prime minister of great britain
tony blair talked about common interests and
shared values during a performance
President of Ukraine turned
interesting controversy between victor
Yanukovych and his Lithuanian counterpart and
gas and price and look at it
today we pay him for gas more niches
Europe
priblizno $ 150, and c into cream
signing near the water for fish near the water 2009
Roku himself defeats Lithuania pays by 30
percent more than germany and a little
slightly more than Ukraine
i'm cool at helping you exchange
I will say how much is the price of you 179
dollars 479 dollars and transport
What is the price of transport?
And this immediately for a thousand square
cubic meters so here you are not
wash the price of transport for Ukraine to
minus 60 dollars you
479 in Ukraine you are on but i in such
Price 400 bill bill 400 mm and board
we are today 529 today then
discount 100 accent and here
discount discount goal base
Whose base is the heat?
here even fucking down for us
I want to tell you more discount zation three
hands and c for in the wild that husband and you know
so anyway decisions in she said
Bill of $ 12 billion discount
excess bill 20 billion excess on
the economy fell on the shoulders of the Ukrainian
of the people